>> Estelle: Then we have
text overflow ellipsis.
So,
>> Estelle: That's
weird the background color
totally disappeared.
So here I have three paragraphs.
And they have various
number of properties,
there's text-overflow ellipsis,
white-space nowrap and overflow-hidden.
You need to have overflow-hidden and
white-space nowrap, and
text-overflow ellipsis for it to work.
If you don't have ellipsis they won't work
obviously, but if it's allowed to wrap.
If this was actually working as the slide
was intended the first one actually wraps.
But between this morning when I checked
it and now it just disappeared.
Because live coding.
Okay, then we have wrap word wrap, which
basically says can you break words or not?
But we learned hyphenation,
hyphenation is much better than word wrap.
So I would actually go
with hyphenation instead.
Then we have calc() which is, we're able
to use for properties, for values rather.
You can use calculations and
use plus, minus, multiply,
divide, min and
max operators within the calculations,
so you can basically say 50%- 40 pixels.
So if you have basically,
you know you have padding on each side and
you want to be half than you
do 50%- 80 for the 80 pixels.
And it will actually calculate it for you.
And it's very well supported
now in most browsers.